[Music]
perhaps my greatest fear
among my many fears vis-a-vis covert 19
is that in the coming years there will
be even more film
and episodic tv about
zombies
i think i'll write a zombie film set in
hollywood
in which the writers all get bitten by a
zombie
carrying a disease which when you are
infected
manifests in a desire to write zombie
films i know
our job is to hold the mirror up to
society but i've been avoiding mirrors
of late cause it's got so goddamn ugly
remember when cersei lannister was
absurd hyperbole
but now she seems quite tame and her
naked walk of shame being pelted with
human pets
is just what we daily do on
i twitter i sound bitter but tell me how
do you make great art
when reality is jumped to shock because
let's race rafters it's the 2020
partners
no one's stronger than an artist in a
crisis
[Music]
pandemic disorder we will stand
up to give each other prizes
if there's no one to applaud me who am i
no camera to record these real
tears that i cry
[Music]
dressed as a tree falls in a forest
and the self tape doesn't upload
and if matilda stays closed am i still
rich
welcome new arty martyrs to the 2020
baftas tell me who is the designer
of your tracks tell me tell me who is on
your tracks let's get through these
awards
then get back to our real jobs signing
virtuous petitions in our
booths to all you clever nominees
i hope you're very very pleased i'm not
bitter that my show wasn't nominated
[Music]
[Applause]
sarcastic or sardonic we better hand you
back
to richard iowa
cheers i did detect a smidgen of passive
aggression
in that finale though so oh no he's
logged off
not a euphemism it's data not data